=pod

=head1 NAME

Basket::Calc - Basket/Cart calculation library with support for currency conversion, discounts and tax

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Quick summary of what the module does.

Perhaps a little code snippet.

    use Basket::Calc;
    use Data::Dump 'dump';

    my $basket = Basket::Calc->new(debug => 1, currency => 'NZD', tax => .15);
    $basket->add_item({ price => 14.90, currency => 'USD', quantity => 2 });
    $basket->add_item({ price => 59, currency => 'EUR'});
    $basket->add_item({ price => 119.15, currency => 'JPY' });
    
    $basket->add_discount({ type => 'percent', value => .2 });
    # or
    $basket->add_discount({ type => 'amount', value => 15, currency => 'HKD' });
    
    print dump $basket->calculate;

=head1 NAME

Basket::Calc - Basket/Cart calculation library with support for currency conversion, discounts and tax

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.1

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 debug

=head2 currency

=head2 tax

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

=head2 add_item

=head2 add_discount

=head2 calculate

=head1 AUTHOR

Tobias Kirschstein, C<< <lev at cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-basket-calc at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Basket-Calc>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Basket::Calc

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Basket-Calc>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Basket-Calc>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Basket-Calc>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Basket-Calc/>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2013 Tobias Kirschstein.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Tobias Kirschstein <lev@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2013 by Tobias Kirschstein.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The (three-clause) BSD License

